Melted Lava Mandrill

medium

# `_update` function incorrectly handles SafeMath subtraction, per the documentation, causing potential funds locked forever.

## Summary

## Vulnerability Detail
The solidity version used is 0.8.x, which has SafeMath implemented by default. However, in the original Uniswap implementation, the underflow is desired (and should wrap back around), so this implementation should follow the same.

`uint32 timeElapsed = blockTimestamp - blockTimestampLast; // overflow is desired`

But the subtraction will cause a revert in case it underflows.

This also applies to the TWAP price accumulator in the following lines:

```
price0CumulativeLast += uint256(UQ112x112.encode(_reserve1).uqdiv(_reserve0)) * timeElapsed;
price1CumulativeLast += uint256(UQ112x112.encode(_reserve0).uqdiv(_reserve1)) * timeElapsed;
```


## Impact
- When blockTimestamp wraps around, all actions (which involve `_update` function) will always revert, without any chance of upgradability or fix. This means funds will get stuck forever. Even though it may take a long amount of time or certain configuration of the underlying tokens to happen, without the upgradability, this deserves at least medium severity.
- The implementation is not in-line with the Uniswap original specification.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-jala-swap/blob/main/jalaswap-dex-contract/contracts/JalaPair.sol#L97

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-jala-swap/blob/main/jalaswap-dex-contract/contracts/JalaPair.sol#L100-L101

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
- Update the subtraction to "unchecked" subtract, so it is in-line with the documentation and the original Uniswap's desired implementation
