Swift Candy Tiger

medium

# Cumulative prices for a pair won't overflow when they get too big, causing _update to revert

## Summary
Cumulative prices for a pair won't overflow when they get too big.
## Vulnerability Detail
Let's take a quick look at the `JalaPair._update()` method, which is forked from `UniSwapV2Pair`:
```solidity
 function _update(uint256 balance0, uint256 balance1, uint112 _reserve0, uint112 _reserve1) private {
        if (balance0 > type(uint112).max || balance1 > type(uint112).max) revert Overflow();
        uint32 blockTimestamp = uint32(block.timestamp % 2 ** 32);
        uint32 timeElapsed = blockTimestamp - blockTimestampLast; // overflow is desired
         if (timeElapsed > 0 && _reserve0 != 0 && _reserve1 != 0) {
            // * never overflows, and + overflow is desired
            price0CumulativeLast += uint256(UQ112x112.encode(_reserve1).uqdiv(_reserve0)) * timeElapsed;
            price1CumulativeLast += uint256(UQ112x112.encode(_reserve0).uqdiv(_reserve1)) * timeElapsed;
        }
        reserve0 = uint112(balance0);
        reserve1 = uint112(balance1);
        blockTimestampLast = blockTimestamp;
        emit Sync(reserve0, reserve1);
    }
```
When calculating `price0CumulativeLast` and `price1CumulativeLast` an overflow is desired because these 2 values can only grow for a certain token pair. So with time it is expected for them to overflow, which will effectively reset the cumulative prices. However when these variables get too big, desired overflow won't happen because of solidity v^0.8.0 implicit overflow checks. Instead this function will revert and the pair will be unusable.

In addition, `uint32 timeElapsed = blockTimestamp - blockTimestampLast` will also revert. "overflow is desired" because a `uint32` is used to represent the timestamp. `uint32` can hold values up to the number 4294967295, which converted from a UNIX timestamp equals the date 7 February 2106. ​If the desired overflow happens it means that it will simply reset the counter and the pair will continue to be usable after that date. 

## Impact
When cumulative prices get big enough, they will revert instead of overflow and that particular pair will be unusable as `_update` persists in `mint` , `burn` and `swap` functionality.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/Uniswap/v2-core/blob/master/contracts/UniswapV2Pair.sol#L73-L85
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Operations with `desired overflow` should be wrapped up in unchecked blocks.

