Wild Punch Pelican

medium

# `removeLiquidityWithPermit` Grifeing Attack :

## Summary

- Where:
    -  `removeLiquidityWithPermit`
- Expected behavior:
    - The `removeLiquidityWithPermit` function utilizes the permit function so that approve and pull operations can happen in a single transaction instead of two consecutive transactions.

## Vulnerability Detail

- Attack:
    - `ERC20Permit` uses the nonces mapping for replay protection. Once a signature is verified and approved, the nonce increases, invalidating the same signature being replayed.
    - `removeLiquidityWithPermit` expects the holder to sign their tokens and provide the signature to contract as part of `permitData`
    - When a `removeLiquidityWithPermit` transaction is in the mempool, an attacker can take this signature, call the `permit` function on the token themselves.
    - Since this is a valid signature, the token accepts it and increases the nonce.
    - This makes the spender's transaction fail whenever it gets mined. 

## Impact

- Attacker can make sure all calls to `removeLiquidityWithPermit` fail for the first time. 

## Code Snippet

[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-jala-swap/blob/main/jalaswap-dex-contract/contracts/JalaRouter02.sol#L150](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-jala-swap/blob/main/jalaswap-dex-contract/contracts/JalaRouter02.sol#L150)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

- In `removeLiquidityWithPermit` fuction, check if it has the approval it needs. If not, then only submit the permit signature.
    ```solidity
        if (IERC20(_token).allowance(owner, spender) < amount) {
            IERC20PermitUpgradeable(_token).permit(msg.sender, address(this), amount, deadline, v, r, s);
        }
    ```
