Chilly Lipstick Deer

medium

# Permit should be in try/catch or otherwise can be front-ran

## Summary
An attacker can extract the `_signature` parameters from a function using permit and front-run the victim.

## Vulnerability Detail
There are [various](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-jala-swap/blob/030d3ed54214754301154bce0e58ea534100a7e3/jalaswap-dex-contract/contracts/JalaRouter02.sol#L165) [functions](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-jala-swap/blob/030d3ed54214754301154bce0e58ea534100a7e3/jalaswap-dex-contract/contracts/JalaRouter02.sol#L183) [in the protocol](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-jala-swap/blob/030d3ed54214754301154bce0e58ea534100a7e3/jalaswap-dex-contract/contracts/JalaRouter02.sol#L216) that operate with a permit. An attacker can extract the `_signature` params by observing the mempool, front-run the victim with a direct permit, and revert the function call for the user. "In the case that there is no fallback code path the DOS is long-term (there are bypasses through flashbots in some chains, but that's a really bad scenario to resort to)." as stated by Trust Security.

The issue allows for an attacker to forcefully revert the functions in the protocol that use permit for his victim, since the permit is included in the sequence of execution, and no fallback code path exists such as a try/catch statement.

```solidity
        IJalaPair(pair).permit(msg.sender, address(this), value, deadline, v, r, s);
        (amountA, amountB) = removeLiquidity(tokenA, tokenB, liquidity, amountAMin, amountBMin, to, deadline);
```

More about the vulnerability can be read [here](https://www.trust-security.xyz/post/permission-denied). UniswapV2 awarded Trust for finding this issue which marks it's validity. Since the code is a direct 1:1 fork of UniswapV2 **before the fix**, I believe it is a valid issue here as well.

## Impact
The issue allows for an attacker to forcefully revert the functions in the protocol that use permit for his victim, since the permit is included in the sequence of execution, and no fallback code path exists such as a try/catch statement.
## Code Snippet
```solidity
        IJalaPair(pair).permit(msg.sender, address(this), value, deadline, v, r, s);
        (amountA, amountB) = removeLiquidity(tokenA, tokenB, liquidity, amountAMin, amountBMin, to, deadline);
```
## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Recommended try/catch fix in article.