Sneaky Chrome Sealion

medium

# Attacker can front-run permit, causing DoS

## Summary
The `JalaRouter02.sol` contract has multiple functionalities that can suffer from DoS due to a known issue with ERC20 extension `permit`. An attacker can front-run `permit` and cause DoS, disrupting the protocol.

## Vulnerability Detail
ERC20 extension `permit` allows users to sign an approval off-chain and send it to a trusted service, which could use the funds as if the user called `approve`. The `JalaRouter02` contract uses `permit` in various instances for removing liquidity.

The problem is that `permit` can be front-ran. An attacker, who observes these transactions in the mempool before it's executed, can extract the signature parameters from the call and front-run it with a direct `permit` call. Since `permit` was already called by the attacker using the extracted signatures, when the user's transaction for `permit` is executed, it will revert.

The user will lose all functionality that follows the `permit`, which in this case is removing liquidity 

For more information, please read [this](https://www.trust-security.xyz/post/permission-denied). The problem is explained in great detail here.

Although the DoS is temporary since the user can resort to other functions in the `JalaRouter02.sol` contract to remove liquidity, where they have to pre-approve, this is still a disruption to the protocol.

## Impact
Denial of Service.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-jala-swap/blob/main/jalaswap-dex-contract/contracts/JalaRouter02.sol#L150-L167

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-jala-swap/blob/main/jalaswap-dex-contract/contracts/JalaRouter02.sol#L169-L185

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-jala-swap/blob/main/jalaswap-dex-contract/contracts/JalaRouter02.sol#L202-L225



## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
If you still choose to use `permit`, consider deploying a `try/catch` block to handle the case if `permit` fails due to it being front-ran.