Odd Arctic Tadpole

medium

# Incorrect handling of ERC20 tokens due to the assumption of the presence of a symbol, decimals method

## Summary

ChilizWrappedERC20 assumes that the underlying token has a method of symbol and decimals

## Vulnerability Detail

As we read in the content description protocol should comply with ERC20 token standard. We can read in the https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-20 token standard description that methods like symbol, decimals are optional methods.
We can see in the initialize [method](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-jala-swap/blob/main/jalaswap-dex-contract/contracts/utils/ChilizWrappedERC20.sol#L18)  that those methods are used. So we can have a situation when we won't be able to create chiiliz wrapped token for the underlying token that complies with the ERC20 standard because it will revert due to missing one of those two optional methods.

## Impact

The protocol doesn't handle all tokens that comply with the ERC20 token standard. 
Chillz factory wrapper and wrapper would have to be deployed again if it turns out that there is a token that the team wishes to add, and the token complies with ERC20, but doesn't have one of those methods. That would result in having two factories, which would increase the maintenance burden.

## Code Snippet

```solidity
function initialize(IERC20 _underlyingToken) external {
        if (msg.sender != factory) revert Forbidden();
        if (_underlyingToken.decimals() >= 18) revert InvalidDecimals();
        if (address(underlyingToken) != address(0)) revert AlreadyExists();

        underlyingToken = _underlyingToken;
        decimalsOffset = 10 ** (18 - _underlyingToken.decimals()); // @audit optional method in ERC20
        name = string(abi.encodePacked("Wrapped ", _underlyingToken.name()));
        symbol = string(abi.encodePacked("W", _underlyingToken.symbol()));  // @audit optional method in ERC20
    }
```


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Two options:
1. Handle in the ChilizWrappedERC20 `initialize` the tokens that don't have optional methods. It could be done by wrapping calls to those methods with try-catch, and setting fallback value
2. Write in the documentation that only specific ERC20 tokens can be used with `ChilizWrappedERC20`, and they must contain those symbol and decimals methods.
