Tart Coffee Cricket

medium

# Attacker can invalidate all the initial `removeLiquidityWithPermit()` transactions.

## Summary
Attacker can use a pending `removeLiquidityWithPermit()` transaction's signatures visibility in memppol to increment the nonce by front-running them, causing the spender's (victim) transaction to fail.

## Vulnerability Detail
- EIP-2612 enables users to delegate the authorization for token transfers without requiring them to hold native (gas) tokens in their wallets. 
- Instead, users can sign an approval off-chain and transmit it to a trusted service. This allows the trusted service to utilize the approved funds as if the user had executed the approve() function on-chain.
- `removeLiquidityWithPermit()` has implemented permit functionality as well, users must sign tokens approvals and provide signatures as function arguments.
-  ERC20Permit employs nonces mapping for replay protection by increasing the nonce upon signature approval.
- However, the problem here is that anyone can call the permit transaction independently on token by taking the user provided arguments in `removeLiquidityWithPermit()` function in mempool and front-running it.
- which increase the nonces, so that when the contract submits the permit transaction to token, it will revert.
- As a result, user entire `removeLiquidityWithPermit()` transaction will revert.

## Impact
- All the initial `removeLiquidityWithPermit()` transactions can be invalidated by the attacker.
- Users will not be able to withdraw their tokens until the new transaction is submitted and accepted.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-jala-swap/blob/030d3ed54214754301154bce0e58ea534100a7e3/jalaswap-dex-contract/contracts/JalaRouter02.sol#L150-L167
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-jala-swap/blob/030d3ed54214754301154bce0e58ea534100a7e3/jalaswap-dex-contract/contracts/JalaRouter02.sol#L169-L185
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-jala-swap/blob/030d3ed54214754301154bce0e58ea534100a7e3/jalaswap-dex-contract/contracts/JalaRouter02.sol#L188-L200
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-jala-swap/blob/030d3ed54214754301154bce0e58ea534100a7e3/jalaswap-dex-contract/contracts/JalaRouter02.sol#L202-L225

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
- Implement check for token allowance, before calling the permit function, that way even if attacker fronts the permit function, it wont be reverted.

```solidity
if( IJalaPair(pair).allowance(msg.sender, address(this)) > value){
        uint256 value = approveMax ? type(uint).max : liquidity;
        IJalaPair(pair).permit(msg.sender, address(this), value, deadline, v, r, s);    
  }
```