Acidic Chiffon Wren

high

# Precision loss in the `_mintFee` function can lead to loss of funds

## Summary
The `_mintFee` function in the JalaPair smart contract is susceptible to precision loss due to integer division operations. This report aims to highlight the vulnerability, its impact, and provide recommendations for addressing the issue.

## Vulnerability Detail
In the _mintFee function, the calculation of the liquidity amount involves integer division, which can lead to precision loss. Specifically, the line:

```solidity
uint256 liquidity = numerator / denominator;
```

performs integer division where the result is truncated to the lower number, potentially losing value.

## Impact
The precision loss introduced by integer division can result in inaccuracies in the calculation of liquidity amounts. This can affect the fairness and efficiency of liquidity provision in the JalaPair contract. Moreover, precision loss may lead to economic losses for liquidity providers.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-jala-swap/blob/main/jalaswap-dex-contract/contracts/JalaPair.sol#L121

```solidity
function _mintFee(uint112 _reserve0, uint112 _reserve1) private returns (bool feeOn) {
    // Other code...
    if (feeOn) {
        if (_kLast != 0) {
            uint256 rootK = Math.sqrt(uint256(_reserve0) * _reserve1);
            uint256 rootKLast = Math.sqrt(_kLast);
            if (rootK > rootKLast) {
                uint256 numerator = totalSupply * (rootK - rootKLast);
                uint256 denominator = rootK + rootKLast;
                uint256 liquidity = numerator / denominator; // Precision loss
                // distribute LP fee
                if (liquidity > 0) _mint(feeTo, liquidity);
            }
        }
    } else if (_kLast != 0) {
        kLast = 0;
    }
}

```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To address the precision loss issue in the _mintFee function, consider using fixed-point arithmetic or floating-point arithmetic with sufficient precision. Implementing these arithmetic methods can ensure accurate calculation of liquidity amounts and mitigate potential losses for liquidity providers.