Late Fern Salmon

high

# `JalaPair::swap()` charged fee twice to a flashloan borrower

## Summary
See Detail. 
## Vulnerability Detail
For a typical (non-flash) swap, it's actually the responsibility of `msg.sender` to ensure that enough tokenA or tokenB has already been sent to the pair before swap is called(which is handle by the router). 

But when executing a flash swap, tokens do not need to be sent to the contract before calling `swap`. Instead, they must be sent from within a callback function that the pair triggers on the `to` address. This is how UniswapV2Pair implemented. 

The issue is `swap` function expecting tokens in advance before the flashloan callback, to transfer `flashFee`. Since, a flash borrower not expecting to sent tokens first, their call will eventually revert. 

And if the borrower chooses to transfer the fee first for the contract sake, they will end up paying fee twice, since the fee gets added to `amount0Out` instead of subtracted.

```solidity
    if (amount0Out > 0) {
	// charge fee
        _safeTransfer(
            _token0,
            IJalaFactory(factory).feeTo(),
            (amount0Out * IJalaFactory(factory).flashFee()) / 10000
        );
	// charge fee again
        amount0Out = (amount0Out * (10000 + IJalaFactory(factory).flashFee())) / 10000;
    }
```

## Impact
flashloans generally are costly, paying fee twice will be an expensive operation for borrower. Also, the code forked from uniswapV2, where capital-free arbitrage lure the arbitrage bots, which not possible with current implementation.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-jala-swap/blob/030d3ed54214754301154bce0e58ea534100a7e3/jalaswap-dex-contract/contracts/JalaPair.sol#L225-L232
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Transfer the fees after the flashloan callback.