Tricky Khaki Dalmatian

medium

# Loss of Precision in Token Swap Quotation

## Summary

The [quote function](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-jala-swap/blob/main/jalaswap-dex-contract/contracts/libraries/JalaLibrary.sol#L60) calculates the amount of one asset given another, based on the reserves of each token in a pair.

Due to Solidity's inability to handle fractional numbers, the division operation results in the floor of the actual result, causing a loss of precision. This is particularly impactful in scenarios with large reserve disparities or when dealing with very small amounts of tokens.

## Vulnerability Detail

Consider a swap where,

amountA = 1 wei
reserveA = 1,000,000,000 wei of tokenA
reserveB = 500,000,000 wei of tokenB.

The expected outcome should be a fractional amount of tokenB, but due to Solidity's handling of division, the result is rounded down to 0, leading to a complete loss of output for the user.

// Calculation within the quote function
amountB = (1 * 500,000,000) / 1,000,000,000 = 0.5 tokenB (rounded down to 0)

## Impact

This issue can lead to users receiving less output than expected when swapping tokens in pairs with large reserve differences, directly affecting the fairness and attractiveness of the swap operation.

## Code Snippet

```solidity
function quote(
        uint256 amountA,
        uint256 reserveA,
        uint256 reserveB
    ) internal pure returns (uint256 amountB) {
        if (amountA == 0) revert InsufficientAmount();
        if (reserveA == 0 || reserveB == 0) revert InsufficientLiquidity();
        amountB = (amountA * reserveB) / reserveA;
    }
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-jala-swap/blob/main/jalaswap-dex-contract/contracts/libraries/JalaLibrary.sol#L67

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Implement a minimum swap size limit to prevent trades that would result in zero output due to rounding down. Use a higher precision for intermediate calculations or adjust the formula to minimize rounding errors, especially in cases involving very small or very large numbers.