Obedient Violet Tadpole

medium

# Unable to Burn LP Token When Pool is Imbalanced

## Summary
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-jala-swap/blob/main/jalaswap-dex-contract/contracts/JalaPair.sol#L197

## Vulnerability Detail
The function `burn()` requires that the output amount of both tokens be greater than 0. If the pool is extremely imbalanced, the rounding-down calculation could result in one of the amounts equaling 0, causing a `burn()` revert.

The issue is well-known for Uni v2 and its forks. But it is more likely to happen when the fan token has a very small supply and is paired with a normal token with 18 decimals. For instance, a pool may have a few fan tokens and thousands or millions of wei of another token.

Here's an example: a pool consisting of 100 BAR and 1e10 X. The total LP token supply is `sqrt(100 * 1e10) = 1e6`.

If users try to burn `1e3` weis of the LP token, the calculation is as follows:
```solidity
amount0 = (1e3 * 100) / 1e6 = 0
amount1 = (1e3 * 1e10) / 1e6 = 1e7
```

`amount0` is rounded down to 0, and the burn transaction reverts, preventing users from reclaiming `1e7` weis of token 1.


## Impact
There are two potential outcomes:

- Users must burn a larger amount to make it valid, meaning they must deposit more into the pool.
- Users must swap to make the pool less imbalanced.

In both cases, users experience a loss. However, if they do nothing, they cannot burn their LP token.

## Code Snippet
```solidity
uint256 _totalSupply = totalSupply; // gas savings, must be defined here since totalSupply can update in _mintFee
amount0 = (liquidity * balance0) / _totalSupply; // using balances ensures pro-rata distribution
amount1 = (liquidity * balance1) / _totalSupply; // using balances ensures pro-rata distribution
if (amount0 == 0 || amount1 == 0) revert InsufficientLiquidityBurned();
```

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Modify the check to allow the burning of LP tokens when the pool is imbalanced
```solidity
if (amount0 == 0 && amount1 == 0) revert InsufficientLiquidityBurned();
```