Rough Jade Shrimp

medium

# JalaPair.sol#_update() - `timeElapsed` is designed to overflow, but it cannot because of Solidity version

## Summary
`timeElapsed` is designed to overflow, but it cannot because of Solidity version

## Vulnerability Detail
Most contracts in the protocol are forks of UniV2.
UniV2 is known and designed around overflowing for some of it's variables.

One of these variables is `timeElapsed` inside `_update`.
```solidity
function _update(uint256 balance0, uint256 balance1, uint112 _reserve0, uint112 _reserve1) private {
        if (balance0 > type(uint112).max || balance1 > type(uint112).max) revert Overflow();
        uint32 blockTimestamp = uint32(block.timestamp % 2 ** 32);
->      uint32 timeElapsed = blockTimestamp - blockTimestampLast; // overflow is desired
        if (timeElapsed > 0 && _reserve0 != 0 && _reserve1 != 0) {
            // * never overflows, and + overflow is desired
            price0CumulativeLast += uint256(UQ112x112.encode(_reserve1).uqdiv(_reserve0)) * timeElapsed;
            price1CumulativeLast += uint256(UQ112x112.encode(_reserve0).uqdiv(_reserve1)) * timeElapsed;
        }
        reserve0 = uint112(balance0);
        reserve1 = uint112(balance1);
        blockTimestampLast = blockTimestamp;
        emit Sync(reserve0, reserve1);
    }
```

You can see that there is even a comment on this line that specifically states that overflow is desired. The code in UniV2 looks exactly the same, with one crucial exception. UniV2 uses Solidity 0.5.16, where overflows could occur and would not trigger a panic revert.

To see how `timeElapsed` can revert, we have to take a look at how `blockTimestamp` is calculated.

`blockTimestamp = uint32(block.timestamp % 2 ** 32);`

To understand why we get the remainder from `2 ** 32` you can read [this](https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2020-September/018172.html) short explanation.

Knowing this, when `block.timestamp > 2 ** 32`, the remainder is calculated with `2 ** 32`, the idea is to basically wrap back around to 0 when `block.timestamp > 2 ** 32`

This means that when `block.timestamp > 2 ** 32`, the remainder is set for `blockTimestamp` which is then used in the calculation for `timeElapsed`

` timeElapsed = blockTimestamp - blockTimestampLast; // overflow is desired`

Know that we know that `blockTimestamp` can wrap back around to 0, we will have a situation where `blockTimestampLast` is bigger than `blockTimestamp` and thus, an underflow will occur. When this happens any call to `_update` will revert, basically bricking the entire protocol.

The DoS will make all funds stuck in the respective contracts, as users can't withdraw without calling `_update`.

## Impact
DoS of the entire protocol, resulting in a complete freezing of funds.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-jala-swap/blob/030d3ed54214754301154bce0e58ea534100a7e3/jalaswap-dex-contract/contracts/JalaPair.sol#L97

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Wrapped the calculation for `timeElapsed` in an unchecked block.
