Zany Red Mantaray

high

# DOS in JalaPair contract in critical functions like mint, burn and swap due to overflow.

## Summary
The `timeElapsed` variable and the `price0CumulativeLast`/`price1CumulativeLast` state variables in the `_update` function are expected to overflow for the function to work properly. However due to solidity compiler's (version 0.8.0 and above) check for overflow, the function automatically reverts causing a DOS when minting, burning and swapping. 
## Vulnerability Detail
In the JalaPair contract, the `_update` function updates reserves and performs some other logic to handle the TWAP oracle including calculating the timeElapsed and the priceCumulatives. The function is called internally during critical operations like adding liquidity(minting), burning liquidity and swapping. Both the `timeElapsed` variable and the `price0CumulativeLast`/`price1CumulativeLast` state variables are expected to overflow for the function to work properly. However, the function reverts during overflow due to the solidity compiler's check for underflow and overflow. If the current `block.timestamp` is greater than `type(uint32).max` and the last time the `blockTimestampLast` was updated was when `block.timestamp` was less than type(uint32).max an overflow occurs, also if `price0CumulativeLast`/`price1CumulativeLast` gets close to `type(uint256).max` (which is possible and can happen fast if the pair is traded often), overflow also occurs and the transaction reverts preventing swaps, minting and burning.

## Impact
DOS in essential transactions like swapping, minting and burning. Preventing liquidity providers from adding liquidity, burning liquidity and swapping for users.  

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-jala-swap/blob/030d3ed54214754301154bce0e58ea534100a7e3/jalaswap-dex-contract/contracts/JalaPair.sol#L94-L107

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Place the `timeElapsed` variable and the `price0CumulativeLast`/`price1CumulativeLast` state variables in the `_update` function in an `unchecked` block to allow overflow as expected
``` solidity
function _update(
    uint256 balance0,
    uint256 balance1,
    uint112 reserve0_,
    uint112 reserve1_
) private {
    ...
    unchecked {
        uint32 timeElapsed = blockTimestamp - blockTimestampLast;

        if (timeElapsed > 0 && _reserve0 != 0 && _reserve1 != 0) {
            price0CumulativeLast +=
                uint256(UQ112x112.encode(reserve1_).uqdiv(reserve0_)) *
                timeElapsed;
            price1CumulativeLast +=
                uint256(UQ112x112.encode(reserve0_).uqdiv(reserve1_)) *
                timeElapsed;
        }
    }

    reserve0 = uint112(balance0);
    reserve1 = uint112(balance1);
    blockTimestampLast = blockTimestamp;

    ...
}
```
