Eager Turquoise Tarantula

high

# Flash Loan Sandwich Attack on Liquidity Pool

## Summary
Flash Loan Sandwich Attack on Liquidity Pool
## Vulnerability Detail
```solidity
   function getAmountOut(
        uint256 amountIn,
        uint256 reserveIn,
        uint256 reserveOut
    ) internal pure returns (uint256 amountOut) {
        if (amountIn == 0) revert InsufficientInputAmount();
        if (reserveIn == 0 || reserveOut == 0) revert InsufficientLiquidity();
        uint256 amountInWithFee = amountIn * 997;
        uint256 denominator = (reserveIn * 1000) + amountInWithFee;
        uint256 numerator = amountInWithFee * reserveOut;
        amountOut = numerator / denominator;
    }
```
The getAmountOut function in the Jala Library could be exploited in a sandwich attack. In this attack, an attacker takes a flash loan, then makes a trade that increases the price of a token. They then make a second trade to repay the flash loan, benefiting from the artificially inflated price.

Here’s a simplified sequence of the attack:

Attacker borrows token A using a flash loan.
Attacker uses token A to buy token B, increasing the price of token B.
Attacker performs the action that benefits from the increased price of token B.
Attacker sells token B to get back token A, causing the price of asset B to drop.
Attacker repays the flash loan with token A.
In this scenario, the getAmountOut function in the JalaLibrary is used in steps 2 and 4. The function does not account for the possibility of price manipulation through flash loans, making it vulnerable to this kind of attack.
## Impact
flash loan sandwich attack could potentially be used to manipulate the price of tokens in the liquidity. This could lead to significant financial losses for other traders who are using the pool at the time of the attack. It could also undermine trust in the security of the contract, leading to a decrease in usage and liquidity
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-jala-swap/blob/main/jalaswap-dex-contract/contracts/libraries/JalaLibrary.sol#L71C2-L82C6
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To mitigate the risk of flash loan sandwich attack, Protocol should consider implementing the following measures:

Slippage Protection which Includes a mechanism to protect against excessive slippage. This could involve setting a maximum allowable price impact for each trade.
Time Delay by Implementing a time delay between trades. This would make it more difficult for an attacker to manipulate prices within the timeframe of a single block.
and Use of oracles for price information instead of relying solely on the internal state of the contract. This would make it harder for an attacker to manipulate the price.