Round Paisley Zebra

medium

# Users lose the receiving of remaining tokens

## Summary
The return amount should be sent back to `msg.sender` instead of the recipient.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `to` input argument in the `wrapTokensAndaddLiquidity` function in the `JalaMasterRouter` contract represents the recipient address where `msg.sender` wants the liquidity tokens to be minted. 

At the beginning of the function, `msg.sender` transfers tokens to `JalaMasterRouter` before calling the router to add liquidity.

```solidity
TransferHelper.safeTransferFrom(tokenA, msg.sender, address(this), amountADesired);
TransferHelper.safeTransferFrom(tokenB, msg.sender, address(this), amountBDesired);
```

At the end of the function, the remaining tokens, after providing liquidity, are unwrapped and transferred back to the recipient.

```solidity
  _unwrapAndTransfer(wrappedTokenA, to);
  _unwrapAndTransfer(wrappedTokenB, to);
```

In the scenario where `to = msg.sender`, the remaining tokens are returned to `msg.sender` (their original source). However, in the case where to `!= msg.sender`, the tokens are transferred to another address. This address may be one where `msg.sender` does not want to go or the `to `address is an EOA/smart wallet that can not send tokens back to `msg.sender`. In the second case, `msg.sender` will lose the remaining tokens.

The `to` address should only receive LP tokens and the remaining tokens should be returned to `msg.sender`.

## Impact
Users will lose the receiving of remaining tokens.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-jala-swap/blob/main/jalaswap-dex-contract/contracts/JalaMasterRouter.sol#L67-L68

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-jala-swap/blob/main/jalaswap-dex-contract/contracts/JalaMasterRouter.sol#L98
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Send remaining tokens back to the `msg.sender`.
