Basic Carrot Sidewinder

medium

# Decimal Value Manipulation Vulnerability in chilizWrappedERC20 Contract

## Summary

The vulnerability lies in the `chilizWrappedERC20::initiate` function, where the decimal value of the underlying token is checked twice, allowing a potential bypass of the intended restrictions on decimal values.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `initialize` function within the `chilizWrappedERC20` contract performs a check on the decimal value of the token passed as a parameter. However, this check is susceptible to manipulation since the decimal value is queried from the token twice. This vulnerability arises because the contract relies on the accuracy of the decimal value for further calculations.

## Impact

A malicious user could create a token with manipulated decimal values and use it to interact with the `chilizWrappedERC20` contract. By modifying the decimal values returned by the token contract during these interactions, the malicious user could bypass the intended checks, potentially disrupting the functionality and integrity of the `chilizWrappedERC20` contract.

The token could look like this:

```solidity
contract TestERC20 is ERC20 {
  IChilizWrappedERC20 public wrapper = IChilizWrappedERC20(0x23E19dEd6D1026A5916c4a92670ae07e182D3Bd8); // <--change address to correct wrapper address

  constructor() ERC20() {
    name = "Test";
    symbol = "TST";
  }

  function mint(uint256 amount) public {
    _mint(msg.sender, amount);
  }

  function decimals() public view virtual override returns (uint8) {
    if (msg.sender == address(wrapper)) {
      return wrapper.underlying() == IERC20(address(0)) ? 6 : 4;
    } else {
      return 18;
    }
  }
}
```

with a token that looks like this the checks that doesn't allow tokens with 18 decimals to interact will be bypassed and also the decimal offset can also be bypassed and set to whatever the actor desires.

## Code Snippet

Find reference [here](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-jala-swap/blob/main/jalaswap-dex-contract/contracts/utils/ChilizWrappedERC20.sol#L18-L27)

```solidity
function initialize(IERC20 _underlyingToken) external {
  if (msg.sender != factory) revert Forbidden();
  if (_underlyingToken.decimals() >= 18) revert InvalidDecimals();
  if (address(underlyingToken) != address(0)) revert AlreadyExists();

  underlyingToken = _underlyingToken;
  decimalsOffset = 10 ** (18 - _underlyingToken.decimals()); // <---@audit second external call could be changed.
  name = string(abi.encodePacked("Wrapped ", _underlyingToken.name()));
  symbol = string(abi.encodePacked("W", _underlyingToken.symbol()));
}
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To mitigate this vulnerability, consider querying the decimal value of the token only once and storing it in a local variable. This ensures consistency in the decimal value used throughout the initialization process.
