Rough Jade Shrimp

medium

# All fan tokens have pausing functionality, which can DoS parts of the protocol

## Summary
All fan tokens have pausing functionality, which can DoS parts of the protocol 

## Vulnerability Detail
The protocol integrates heavily with Chiliz Fan Tokens. The README also states the same.

If we take a look at the two tokens mentioned in the README [BAR](https://scan.chiliz.com/token/0xFD3C73b3B09D418841dd6Aff341b2d6e3abA433b/read-proxy) and [PSG](https://scan.chiliz.com/token/0xc2661815C69c2B3924D3dd0c2C1358A1E38A3105/read-proxy), you'll notice that both tokens have pausing functionality. In fact from what I've seen all Fan tokens on Chiliz are basically identical and they all have pausing functionality.

If a token gets paused, all attempts to transfer that token will revert, causing a DoS for any logic that involves that token.

Note that the README of the contest specifically states:
> In case of external protocol integrations, are the risks of external contracts pausing or executing an emergency withdrawal acceptable? If not, Watsons will submit issues related to these situations that can harm your protocol's functionality.

> Please submit any issue that could potentially compromise the JalaSwap protocol.

This I believe this is a Medium.

## Impact
All transfers of a token that has pausing functionality will be blocked, causing a massive DoS

## Code Snippet
Since this affects a lot of code, I've only linked a few.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-jala-swap/blob/030d3ed54214754301154bce0e58ea534100a7e3/jalaswap-dex-contract/contracts/utils/ChilizWrappedERC20.sol#L52
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-jala-swap/blob/030d3ed54214754301154bce0e58ea534100a7e3/jalaswap-dex-contract/contracts/JalaMasterRouter.sol#L44-L45

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
There isn't a very elegant way to fix this, but because the protocol specifically states that it's supposed to work with these tokens, It's important for them to know that this is a possibility.

Creating an escrow and virtual balances might be a fix, but it will introduce a lot of complexity.
