Keen Cotton Fish

medium

# [M-01]: 'jalaswap-dex-contract/contracts/JalaPair.sol`  No `MINIMUM_LIQUIDITY` check when minting the first liquidity with `migrator` can lead to token reserve per LP share manipulation.

## Summary
```javascript
 if (_totalSupply == 0) {
            if (IJalaFactory(factory).migrators(msg.sender)) {
                liquidity = IMigrator(msg.sender).desiredLiquidity();
                if (liquidity == 0 || liquidity == type(uint).max) revert BadDesiredLiquidity();
            } else {
                liquidity = Math.sqrt(amount0 * amount1) - MINIMUM_LIQUIDITY;
                _mint(address(0), MINIMUM_LIQUIDITY); // permanently lock the first MINIMUM_LIQUIDITY tokens
            }
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-jala-swap/blob/main/jalaswap-dex-contract/contracts/JalaPair.sol#L132
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-jala-swap/blob/main/jalaswap-dex-contract/contracts/JalaPair.sol#L144

The JalaPair `_mint` function lacks a MINIMUM_LIQUIDITY check when a migrator adds liquidity. Although only the `'feeToSetter'` can designate a migrator, the documentation does not explicitly outline any qualifications or restrictions on who can become a migrator. This creates a potential vulnerability: if an untrusted migrator gains the ability to add the initial liquidity, they could mint LP shares worth a minimal amount (e.g., 1 wei) while adding substantial amounts of both tokens to the pool.  This manipulation would significantly dilute the value of the LP shares,  discouraging legitimate liquidity providers from contributing to the pool.

## Vulnerability Detail

An attacker could manipulate this scenario by minting a minuscule amount of LP tokens (as little as 1 wei) and then artificially inflating the contract's reserves with enormous quantities (1e19 or more) of token0  and token1. Then he can call sync() function to save the reserves. Subsequent depositors risk losing a significant portion of their assets.  For instance,  a deposit of 1.99e19 could yield a mere 1 wei in LP tokens due to precision loss, resulting in a loss of 0.99e19 in both token0 and token1.

While UniswapV2Pair's original implementation addressed this vulnerability with the MINIMUM_LIQUIDITY requirement and permanent locking to address(0),  the inclusion of a migrator feature potentially reopens the protocol to this form of attack.

## Impact
Liquidity providers can loose funds.

## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

```diff
   if (_totalSupply == 0) {
            if (IJalaFactory(factory).migrators(msg.sender)) {
                liquidity = IMigrator(msg.sender).desiredLiquidity();
-                 if (liquidity == 0 || liquidity == type(uint).max) revert BadDesiredLiquidity();
+                if (liquidity < MINIMUM_LIQUIDITY || liquidity == type(uint).max) revert BadDesiredLiquidity();
            } else {
                liquidity = Math.sqrt(amount0 * amount1) - MINIMUM_LIQUIDITY;
                _mint(address(0), MINIMUM_LIQUIDITY); // permanently lock the first MINIMUM_LIQUIDITY tokens
            }

```
