Happy Pistachio Deer

medium

# Arbbitrary `IMigrator.desiredLiquidity()` can lead to attacks on pool

## Summary
When `totalSupply` of LP tokens is 0, migrators are able to mint arbitrary amount of LP tokens to themselves, which makes token pool vulnerable.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-jala-swap/blob/main/jalaswap-dex-contract/contracts/JalaPair.sol#L142-L144

Uniswap V2 introduced `MINIMUM_LIQUIDITY` to mitigate the "first miner problem," a common issue in decentralized exchanges where the first liquidity provider can significantly influence the initial price of the liquidity pool. 
In summary, the MINIMUM_LIQUIDITY serves as a safeguard against manipulation of the liquidity pool by the first liquidity provider, ensuring fairness and security in the ecosystem by preventing price manipulation and ensuring that liquidity is distributed more evenly among participants.

## Vulnerability Detail
As stated in [Uniswap V2 whitepaper](https://uniswap.org/whitepaper.pdf)

> Uniswap v2 initially mints shares equal to the geometric mean of the amounts deposited [..] it is possible for the value of a liquidity pool share to grow over time, either by accumulating trading fees or through “donations” to the liquidity pool. In theory, this could result in a situation where the value of the minimum quantity of liquidity pool shares (1e-18 pool shares) is worth so much that it becomes infeasible for small liquidity providers to provide any liquidity. To mitigate this, Uniswap v2 burns the first 1e-15 (0.000000000000001) pool shares that are minted (1000 times the minimum quantity of pool shares), sending them to the zero address instead of to the minter. This should be a negligible cost for almost any token pair.11 But it dramatically increases the cost of the above attack. In order to raise the value of a liquidity pool share to $100, the attacker would need to donate $100,000 to the pool, which would be permanently locked up as liquidity.

We are not making sure that migrator's `desiredLiquidity()` is above `MINIMUM_LIQUIDITY`

## Impact

 “donations” to the liquidity pool will result in a situation where the value of the minimum quantity of liquidity pool shares (1e-18 pool shares) is worth so much that it becomes infeasible for small liquidity providers to provide any liquidity.

## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Don't allow migrators to mint arbitrary amount of LP tokens, or at least mint above `MINIMUM_LIQUIDITY` to negate possible attacks.
in jalaswap-dex-contract/contracts/JalaPair.sol
```diff
    function mint(address to) external lock returns (uint256 liquidity) {
    ...
    if (_totalSupply == 0) {
-        if (IJalaFactory(factory).migrators(msg.sender)) {
-            liquidity = IMigrator(msg.sender).desiredLiquidity();
-            if (liquidity == 0 || liquidity == type(uint).max) revert BadDesiredLiquidity();
-        } else {
-            liquidity = Math.sqrt(amount0 * amount1) - MINIMUM_LIQUIDITY;
-            _mint(address(0), MINIMUM_LIQUIDITY); // permanently lock the first MINIMUM_LIQUIDITY tokens
-        }
+        liquidity = Math.sqrt(amount0 * amount1) - MINIMUM_LIQUIDITY;
+        _mint(address(0), MINIMUM_LIQUIDITY); // permanently lock the first MINIMUM_LIQUIDITY tokens
    } else {

```